REL-687: prep WN for 5.6 (#1897)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/enterprise.adoc

* <<breaking-changes>>
* <<enhancements>>
* <<fixes>>
* <<deprecations>>
* <<security>>

=== New features

* CP Snapshot Chunking: The CP subsystem now transfers large snapshots in smaller, manageable chunks, improving memory efficiency during synchronization. This reduces network congestion, lowers tail latencies, and improves overall speed and cluster performance. This improvement is fully transparent to users and requires no configuration.

* Dynamic Diagnostic Logging (BETA): Diagnostic Logging can now be controlled dynamically through Management Center and Hazelcast Operator without requiring a cluster restart. An optional auto-off timer can also be configured.

For more details on new features, see xref:ROOT:whats-new.adoc[What's new].

=== Breaking changes

* Disallowed templating in the REST API by default: To prevent value injection and disclosure of system properties, REST configuration templating is now disabled by default. Deployments that relied on templating will no longer resolve templates unless explicitly enabled. To continue using templating, start each Hazelcast member with the JVM system property `-Dhazelcast.rest.allow.config.templating=true`.

> * Fixed inconsistent handling of null and empty serialized Data: Fixed an issue with inconsistent handling of null and empty serialized data. Previously, certain non-standard representations of null (such as zero-length `HeapData` or `Data` values with type id `CONSTANT_TYPE_NULL`) could be written to data structures. With this change, non-canonical nulls are always represented as canonical while still remaining compatible with older or non-Java clients. Previous behavior can be restored by starting each Hazelcast member with the JVM system property `-Dhazelcast.serialization.keep.noncanonical.null=true`, but this should only be used in exceptional circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed inconsistent handling of null and empty serialized data: Fixed an issue with inconsistent handling of null and empty serialized data. Previously, certain non-standard representations of null (such as zero-length `HeapData` or `Data` values with type id `CONSTANT_TYPE_NULL`) could be written to data structures. With this change, non-canonical nulls are always represented as canonical while still remaining compatible with older or non-Java clients. Previous behavior can be restored by starting each Hazelcast member with the JVM system property `-Dhazelcast.serialization.keep.noncanonical.null=true`, but this should only be used in exceptional circumstances.
```

* Changed RoutingMode in ClusterRoutingConfig API: The `RoutingMode` enum, introduced into the public configuration APIs in version 5.5.0, has been replaced by introducing a new `RoutingMode` enum. `ClusterRoutingConfig.setRoutingMode(...)` and `ClusterRoutingConfig.getRoutingMode(...)`. See the Deprecation section below for more information.

> * Minimum Python version supported is Python 3.9: `mapUsingPython` requires a minimum Python version of 3.9. This is to satisfiy a requirement from grpcio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Minimum Python version supported is Python 3.9: `mapUsingPython` requires a minimum Python version of 3.9. This is to satisfy a requirement from grpcio.
```

* Vector Search (BETA) enhancements:

** Fault tolerance: Added support for synchronous and asynchronous backups and all standard fault tolerance mechanisms available in other AP data structures.  

** Split-brain protection: Added split-brain protection support with configurable merge policies and custom merge policy capabilities for vector collections.

** Vector index optimization: Mutating operations like put and delete are no longer blocked during vector index optimization. They may still be briefly paused if they target a partition being optimized, but overall latency is improved. Optimized the execution of vector index maintenance on backup replicas.

** Vector search performance: Introduction of a configurable dedicated thread pool for vector search tasks sized according to the host CPU. Applicable to ARM and Intel.

** Cosine metric performance in Vector: Optimized non-vectorized cosine metric implementation for faster, more accurate similarity calculations.

> ** Performance metrics: New metrics have been added including track visited nodes, search counts per index, and backup versus owned entries to aid monitoring.

Reviewer: should this say "... including tracking visited nodes"? Maybe not if 'track visited nodes' is the name of the metric?

* Added Spring Cache integration with HazelcastCache: Enhanced the HazelcastCache implementation with asynchronous retrieval via `CompletableFuture`. This improvement ensures better compatibility with Spring Cache and enables the use of non-blocking cache access patterns.

* Upgraded Debezium in Change Data Capture (CDC): Updated the embedded Debezium version used in the CDC module to 3.1.3. This upgrade provides access to the latest features and improvements, including compatibility with MySQL 8.4.

=== Fixes

* Double serialization in CP Subsystem: Resolved redundant serialization during large CP snapshots by removing extra serialization paths and eliminating `FixedBufferObjectDataOutput`. The fix adds the `hazelcast.cp.disk.output.buffer.size` property to better handle larger snapshot writes (especially with higher commit-index-advance-count-to-snapshot settings). This reduces overhead and improves snapshot performance.

> * Error message on REST timeouts for CP endpoints: Resolved an issue where the REST API endpoint for CP members would return a null error message after a 30-second timeout. This fix ensures that users receive a more informative error message when the request exceeds the configured timeout, improving troubleshooting capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Error message on REST timeouts for CP endpoints: Resolved an issue where the REST API endpoint for CP members would return a null error message after a 30-second timeout. This fix results in a more informative error message when the request exceeds the configured timeout, improving troubleshooting capabilities.
```
